Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture on resume creation tools.
So there's actually a lot of free resume creation tools online.
So we're going to go out and explore them.
Keep in mind real quick to the next lecture contains a full list with links to all the resources we're
going to check out right now.
So let's go ahead and get started.
In terms of the browser.
OK.
So the first whips that we're going to check out is C-v maker that's at CV MKR dot com and it's one
of the Web sites that allows you to create a professional resume.
Looks quite nice.
And it's all free and it lets you export it to various formats so you can go out and check that out
.
Here are some of the examples of what those resumes look like.
Next up is live career dot com.
So this whole company starts off with a resume builder but they also give advice on cover letters interviews
various job applications and other resources.
So the whole company is kind of revolving around finding and interviewing for jobs but they get started
with a free resume builder that's also based off your LinkedIn profile.
Next up is resume dot com.
So again easy online resume builder and it's free so you can create at it share your resume using resume
dot com and other one resume genius.
Come to another one.
You can create your resume online in about 15 minutes.
You can check it out.
Resume builder dot org you'll probably start to notice that there is a ton of these sort of web sites
.
You can also google around for your own pleasure if you're not liking any of these.
There's also hip C-v that come again.
Stylish professional resume minutes for free.
Save it it's a PDA.
There's also civies dot com.
It's free first starter package.
But they also have a premium with more tools.
But again you just create and download a PDA of your resume for free.
And then there's also a visual C-v dot com which allows you to create a personal portfolio and customized
PDX to help you land your next job.
And then I also wanted to show you some links to templates.
So here we have links to Google doc templates and these are just either cover letter or resumes so you
can go ahead and check out this link in the next lecture.
In case you like working on google docs there's plenty of already made templates for you to check out
.
And in case you like working on Windows with Microsoft Word you can check up the next link and I'll
take you to the templates for office.
Pretty much all of these are free.
They're all resume formats already ready for use in Microsoft Word.
All right.
So I know that was quite an overview and there was just a ton of Web sites for you to make resumes and
see these.
So I really suggest that you go check out the next lecture called list of resume creation Web sites
.
Just the PDA file off the list of all the links checked out.
Use the ones you like that work best for you.
OK.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture